Sicherheitspolitik und Datenschutzerklärung

Wir sind verpflichtet Ihre Privatspähre zu schützen and nehmen unsere Verantwortung im Bezug auf die Sicherheit Ihrer persönlichen Informationen sehr ernst.
2 CheckOut Dot Com (2CO), our financial transaction partners, provide our online subscription capability. When paying us a fee for our consulting services, your credit card information is sent to 2 CheckOut Dot Com via their secure server. 
2 CheckOut Dot Com (2CO), unsers Finanztransaktionspartner stellt uns die Möglichkeit zur online  Transaktionsabwicklung zur Verfügung.
They use the latest, most secure technology available, which encrypts all your personal and credit card details so that your credit or debit card details cannot be read as they travel over the internet.
2CO benutzt neuste und sicherste momentan verfügbare Technologie zu Verschlüsselung aller persönlichen Daten und Kreditkarten Informationen, so dass Details Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkarte bei der Übertragung über das Internet nicht eingesehen werden können.
Your credit card information is then held in 2CO's secure database for a period of time to allow us to process your subscription. Your credit card information can only be exchanged between you and 2CO.
Ihre Kreditkarteninformationen werden dann von 2CO für den Zeitraum der Bearbeitung der Transaktion in einer sicheren Datenbank gespeichert.
Further information:
Weitere Informationen
Using a credit card may give you additional protection from fraud. Further advice can be obtained from your local trading standards department or Citizen's Advice Bureau.
Der Gebrauch einer Kreditkarte kann Ihnen zusätzlichen Schutz vor Betrug bieten. Weitere Maßnahmen können Sie von Ihren örtlichen Einrichtungen für Handelsstandards oder Bürgerberatung erfragen.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit or debit card, you must notify your credit or debit card issuer in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Im Falle unbefugter Nutzung Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkarte müssen Sie das Kredit- oder Bankinstitut, welches die Karte ausgestellt hat, nach dessen Bestimmungen darüber informieren.
Our Privacy Policy:
Unsere Datenschutzerklärung:
We are committed to protecting your privacy, and take our responsibilities regarding the privacy of you information very seriously. 
Wir sind verpflichtet Ihre Privatspähre zu schützen und nehmen unsere Verantwortung im Bezug auf die Sicherheit Ihrer persönlicher Informationen sehr ernst.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. This policy explains how we use any information and how we protect your privacy.
Wir werden Ihre persönlichen Informationen an Dritte weder verkaufen, tauschen, noch verleihen. Diese Erklärung zeigt wie wir Informationen verarbeiten und wie wir Ihre Privatsphäre schützen.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorized access and use of your information.
Wir folgen strengen Sicherheitsregeln bei der Speicherung und Offenlegung von Informationen, die wir von Ihnen erhalten, um den unbefugten Zugriff und Gebrauch Ihrer Daten zu unterbinden.
Site tracking and Cookies:
Site-Tracking and Cookies:
We may use tracking software, including "cookies" , to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of our site to better meet the needs of our customers.
An up-to-date privacy policy will always be maintained on this site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or would like more information about us, please email:
info@riksof.com
Data access:
You are entitled to request details of the personal information we hold about you. We may charge a fee for complying with your request. If you become aware that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, you may request that we amend it.
Any requests should be made in writing to us at: info@riksof.com
RIKSOF (Private) Limited and our logos on this site are our trade marks. You may not use those trade marks without our consent.
We provide hypertext links to other sites which are operated by other people. Using such a link means you are leaving our Site and we take no responsibility for, and give no warranties, guarantees or representations in respect of linked sites.
Our Liability:
We provide information on this Site. The information provided on the Site is provided on the basis of no liability for the information given.
We do not accept any liability for the quality or type of services or goods provided by our third party suppliers (Internet service providers, hosting companies Etc.), those whom we mention on our site or to whom we have linked our Site.
The information on the Site does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation by us and is not intended to be relied upon by you in making (or refraining from making) any decisions.
In no event shall we be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, loss of profit, revenue or good will arising from your use of the Site or information on the Site. Subject as provided below, all terms implied by law are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Our total liability to you is limited to the value of your subscription.
Barring from the Site:
We reserve the right to bar users from the Site, on a permanent or temporary basis at our discretion. Any such user shall be notified and must not then attempt to use the Site under any other name or through any other user.
General
Allgemeines:
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the address at the end of these Terms by email confirmed by post.
Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right. You may not assign or transfer your rights under this agreement. We may amend these Terms at any time by posting a variation on the Site.
For More Information
Für weitere Informationen:
Weitere Informationen oder Antworten auf ihre Fragen zu diesen Bedingungen erhalten sie unter:

RIKSOF (Private) Limited
Telefon: (+92) 21-3529-2676
